a)On branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

nothing to commit, working tree clean

b)11 commits. git shortlog

c)Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019, git log -n 1 .gitignore

d)Branches are pointers that allow you to move through different commits. The default one 
is the master that points to the last commit you make. As you continue to make new 
commits the master branch will continue to move to the last one you made. You can 
create a new branch to isolate work on a certain problem or feauture independently 
from the rest of the project. After working on the new branch you can revert
back to the work you were doing before by going back to the master branch. 

e) git log shows the commit logs made on the project. 
git status shows the working tree status, whether the project is up to date.

f) git log --follow Weapon.h

g) git log --grep=file

h) Inheritance in object oriented programming allows us to create a new object class from
an already defined objects class.
Polymorphism is when a parent and child classes have the same function with the same name
and parameters but different implementations depending on the type of object that 
calls the function. 
Encapsulation is binding up data and the member functions that use them. When creating 
a class there is member data that we dont want a user to have access to so we use 
manipulator and accessor functions to let the user access data but not change 
the original member data. 

i) In the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow everyone pulls from the central repository. 
Only the dictator can push changes in the central repository.  In the Integration 
management workflow each user makes push and pull to their own personal repository
and pull from the central repository.

j) Since there are 100 developers they would benefit more because they could still 
pull from the central repository but the person in charge is the only one who can 
push the changes. Since there are so many different people working on the same 
repository if mutliple people were pushing their changes without one person over 
seeing the whole project there could be a lot of errors. The liutenant oversees all the 
changes and assists in any issues that arise. 


5. OOP principles
These classes use encapsulation because we hide data from outside the class by making member data 
private. In the Weapon factory class there is private member data that we cant access from outside
the class. The class does have a get function. 
These classes also have polymorphism because we use virtual functions such as hit. A pointer to weapon
could point to anythign that inherits that class such as CrazyRandomSword, JackHammer, etc. 

